Stacks: nested stacks (#3900)
gruntwork-io/terragrunt: docs/_docs/04_reference/04-config-blocks-and-attributes.md

}
```

### stack

> **Note:**
> The [`stacks`](/docs/reference/experiments/#stacks) experiment is still active, and using the `stack` block requires enabling the `stacks` experiment.

The `stack` block is used to define a stack of deployment units in a Terragrunt configuration file (`terragrunt.stack.hcl`).
Stacks allow for nesting, enabling the organization of infrastructure components into modular, reusable groups, reducing redundancy and improving maintainability.

Stacks are designed to be nestable, helping to mitigate the risk of stacks becoming too large or too repetitive.
When a stack is generated, it can include nested stacks, ensuring that the configuration scales efficiently.

The `stack` block supports the following arguments:

- `name` (label): A unique identifier for the stack. This is used to reference the stack elsewhere in your configuration.
- `source` (attribute): Specifies where to find the Terragrunt configuration files for this stack. This follows the same syntax as the `source` parameter in the `terraform` block.

> - `path` (attribute): The relative path where this stack should be deployed within the stack directory (`.terragrunt-stack`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `path` (attribute): The relative path within `.terragrunt-stack` where this stack should be generated. If an absolute path is provided here, Terragrunt will generate the stack in that location, instead of generating it in a path relative to the `.terragrunt-stack` directory.
```

Example:

```hcl
# terragrunt.stack.hcl
stack "services" {
    source = "github.com/gruntwork-io/terragrunt-stacks//stacks/mock/services?ref=v0.0.1"
    path   = "services"
}
```

> In this example, the `services` stack is defined, which will be generated at `.terragrunt-stack/services`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, the `services` stack is defined with path `services`, which will be generated at `.terragrunt-stack/services`.
```
